https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver

mobile commands

mobile: scroll
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-scroll

mobile: longClickGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-longclickgesture

mobile: doubleClickGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-doubleclickgesture

mobile: clickGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-clickgesture

mobile: dragGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-draggesture

mobile: flingGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-flinggesture

mobile: pinchOpenGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-pinchopengesture

mobile: pinchCloseGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-pinchclosegesture

mobile: swipeGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-swipegesture

mobile: scrollGesture
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver/blob/master/docs/android-mobile-gestures.md#mobile-scrollgesture

mobile: execEmuConsoleCommand
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-execemuconsolecommand

mobile: deepLink
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-deeplink

mobile: startLogsBroadcast
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-startlogsbroadcast

mobile: stopLogsBroadcast
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-stoplogsbroadcast

mobile: deviceidle
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-deviceidle

mobile: acceptAlert
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-acceptalert

mobile: dismissAlert
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-dismissalert

mobile: batteryInfo
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-batteryinfo

mobile: deviceInfo
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-deviceinfo

mobile: getDeviceTime
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getdevicetime

mobile: changePermissions
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-changepermissions

mobile: getPermissions
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getpermissions

mobile: performEditorAction
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-performeditoraction

mobile: startScreenStreaming
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-startscreenstreaming

mobile: stopScreenStreaming
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-stopscreenstreaming

mobile: getNotifications
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getnotifications

mobile: openNotifications
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-opennotifications

mobile: listSms
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-listsms

mobile: type
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-type

mobile: sensorSet
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-sensorset

mobile: deleteFile
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-deletefile

mobile: isAppInstalled
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-isappinstalled

mobile: queryAppState
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-queryappstate

mobile: activateApp
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-activateapp

mobile: removeApp
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-removeapp

mobile: terminateApp
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-terminateapp

mobile: installApp
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-installapp

mobile: clearApp
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-clearapp

mobile: startActivity
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-startactivity

mobile: startService
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-startservice

mobile: stopService
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-stopservice

mobile: broadcast
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-broadcast

mobile: getContexts
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getcontexts

mobile: installMultipleApks
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-installmultipleapks

mobile: lock
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-lock

mobile: unlock
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-unlock

mobile: isLocked
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-islocked

mobile: setGeolocation
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-setgeolocation

mobile: getGeolocation
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getgeolocation

mobile: resetGeolocation
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-resetgeolocation

mobile: refreshGpsCache
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-refreshgpscache

mobile: startMediaProjectionRecording
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-startmediaprojectionrecording

mobile: isMediaProjectionRecordingRunning
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-ismediaprojectionrecordingrunning

mobile: stopMediaProjectionRecording
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-ismediaprojectionrecordingrunning

mobile: getConnectivity
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getconnectivity

mobile: setConnectivity
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-setconnectivity

mobile: getAppStrings
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getappstrings

mobile: hideKeyboard
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-hidekeyboard

mobile: isKeyboardShown
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-iskeyboardshown

mobile: pressKey
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-presskey

mobile: backgroundApp
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-backgroundapp

mobile: getCurrentActivity
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getcurrentactivity

mobile: getCurrentPackage
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getcurrentpackage

mobile: getDisplayDensity
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getdisplaydensity

mobile: getSystemBars
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getsystembars

mobile: fingerprint
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-fingerprint

mobile: sendSms
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-sendsms

mobile: gsmCall
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-gsmcall

mobile: gsmSignal
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-gsmsignal

mobile: gsmVoice
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-gsmvoice

mobile: powerAC
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-powerac

mobile: powerCapacity
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-powercapacity

mobile: networkSpeed
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-networkspeed

mobile: replaceElementValue
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-replaceelementvalue

mobile: toggleGps
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-togglegps

mobile: isGpsEnabled
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-isgpsenabled

mobile: getPerformanceDataTypes
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getperformancedatatypes

mobile: getPerformanceData
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getperformancedata

mobile: statusBar
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-statusbar

mobile: scheduleAction
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-scheduleaction

mobile: unscheduleAction
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-unscheduleaction

mobile: getActionHistory
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getactionhistory

mobile: screenshots
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-screenshots

mobile: setUiMode
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-setuimode

mobile: setUiMode
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-setuimode

mobile: getUiMode
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getuimode

mobile: sendTrimMemory
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-sendtrimmemory

mobile: injectEmulatorCameraImage
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-injectemulatorcameraimage

mobile: bluetooth
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-bluetooth

mobile: nfc
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-nfc

Files Management
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#files-management

mobile: pullFile
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-pullfile

mobile: pushFile
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-pushfile

mobile: pullFolder
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-pullfolder

Clipboard Management
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#clipboard-management

mobile: getClipboard
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-getclipboard

mobile: setClipboard
https://github.com/appium/appium-uiautomator2-driver?tab=readme-ov-file#mobile-setclipboard
